one. All right, guys. Um, today we're just going over, like I said before, but for the recording, top chop gainers strategy. It's something that I've been doing in my own group for quite a while now. Uh, and I've been able to catch some really good short plays off of it. Uh, these are high risk, highreward type trades. So, uh we'll go over kind of the way to size this and how to leverage so that you don't uh completely uh lose your ass trading these. But there there's definitely uh a learning curve with these. So, I figured today would be a good idea to just go over the um the Google doc that we made here. So, I'm going to bring this up if I can on the recording. All right. Okay. So, top gainer strap. First thing you're going to do is uh on whatever exchange that you're trading on, you go to the gainer section. I've got the uh gainer section here in the dock. That's just for blowoffin. Uh here you're just going to see this top in the last 24 hours. What coins have moved up the most? And uh you're going to usually the top three is like where I'll focus in on for these strategies. That's why I call the top gainer strat. Uh so depending on the day, like if you have a pretty uh active day on Bitcoin and stuff like that, then you can see some of these altcoins or [ __ ] coins moving up anywhere from 40 to 200% or higher really on the day. And uh you want to find one of them that's gone up the most and look for a slowdown and upwards momentum. So this is where we're going to be this is where it kind of gets a little bit tricky because timing tops is not easy no matter where you're doing it on what kind of asset. But uh with shitcoins you have a pretty good opportunity to make a [ __ ] ton of money because a lot of them are just pump and dumps. So, uh, once it gets to a certain price and it tops off and the people who are holding them sell off and they make their money, there's usually a pretty violent downside move that can be like extremely profitable on leverage. Like, I'm talking 200 to 500% gains uh, in an hour, you know? So, uh, we'll go over this more, but you can identify the slowdown with a huge upside candle that usually is touching a psychological round number followed by some large top wicks showing resistance or sell pressure. So, you're going to want to look for I'm not sure how wellversed everybody is in technical analysis, but we'll go over more of the technicals of it uh in the next presentation where, you know, you we're looking at candlestick structure and how to identify resistance. But the rule of thumb really is just looking for big top wicks. If you're looking at a candlestick chart, then the a top wick usually signifies that there's a resistance or there's sell pressure. So, uh an example of like a round number uh a psychological round number that would be a good idea to go for a short is say like a coin goes from 50 cents to a dollar. You know, there's going to be a good chance that there's a decent amount of limit sell orders at that dollar level. uh in which case there would be a selloff after it hits that price because there's no longer people bidding it up there and uh people are selling out of the position, right? So you can expect that uh there you go make a decent amount of money short. Uh this is the example from Saturday Saturday's trade on folk uh which I used the strategy to find that um the folk was up over 200% in 24 hours from $14. uh and it peaked at 46.85. Uh my first attempt was at I think $40 around that psychological round number. Um which ended up failing. So you can see here I've got my sell like I seldled uh I got stopped out on this buy. I've reattempted I got stopped out on this candle. So that was two fails. But uh on the third attempt here I was able to catch a pretty substantial downside move. didn't buy until we're around 27. So, I caught a close to a a 40 a negative 40% dip. Uh, and it was it went down to 20. So, it was more than a 55 50% uh decline from the top. So, this is just like a perfect example of pump and dump crime. Uh, you could see like it went up here. People got out of their uh positions that they might have been bag holding and sold off at a profit. And you can it it was you know consolidating around that $22 level uh after the initial move and it dumped below it. So this is just uh peak pump and dump activity on shitcoins. So it's important to note like I said uh timing a top is extremely difficult. You can see here that it took three attempts before I hit uh the trade that I really wanted to. Um, so what we're going to do to be able to mitigate that is we're going to put in probably a quarter of our regular sizing. Like say if you you're in a safer trade, uh, that you'd go maybe $1,000 on here, you'd put 250, right? And, uh, you'd go 5 to 20x max, really depending on the coins. Some of them like if this if it's moving 1 2 3% uh on every few minute candle then going at 20x um leverage is going to be really tough. You know you're going to get probably insta stopped out. Uh so going with like five to 10 might be your the better move. We found with I found with folk that uh 20 was too much on the first two attempts and then I switched to 10x. Uh which I probably should have just done on the on the second one, but neither here nor there. You get the if you kind of get the idea. It's it's all about kind of finding that sweet spot and leverage where it will allow you to stay in the trade and deal with some of these uh volatile candles. And also the quarter sizing means, you know, you even if you lose a couple of them, if you go two to 300% on one trade, then losing 50% a couple times isn't really going to matter. You're going to end up profitable at the end of the day. So that's why risk-to-reward is pretty important here. You're not going to want to take a couple 50% losses just to take a 50% gain. You're going to This is, you know, swinging for the fences on these trades. like you're going for those really big uh 3 to four to 5x uh gains. So, um this will allow you like I said uh to you for you to attempt it several times. Um a lot of the times on these like once you hit the top you're going to get that like minus to 30 40 or minus 10 to 30% maybe even more like on folk. Um, so the key with finding this is recognizing changes in momentum, which is probably a bigger topic than this entire strategy. So it it sounds complicated. It really isn't. It's just being able to identify resistance and uh and a slowdown in momentum. So, uh, like for the example I have in the Google doc here, you could see it made a pretty decent bounce and then there's a couple wicks here where it was finding resistance. Uh, and then this shooting star candle. So, a lot of people call them like shooting stars. Uh it's it usually just a liquidity candle where people, you know, shoot the price up one last time, get out of their positions, and then that allows the price to fall because nobody's bidding it anymore. And uh nobody's willing to buy it up this high that didn't that wasn't just sitting in it for a while now anyway. Uh so you see on like pretty much every coin like this, there's going to be one of those candles. That's why it's hard to time the top. You're almost better off looking for that shooting star and say, "Okay, we've had that candle. We're consolidating here. The price hasn't really moved up. It's sitting at, you know, 330 or in folks case like shot up to 46. Then it kind of stuck around 43 for a little bit. Uh kind of signifies that maybe the momentum is dying out and that there will be a dump. So, uh, what goes up with these [ __ ] coins normally really really goes down. So, um, the the key is to look for these shooting stars. I like I I call them like in the document here, I call them trap candles or scam wicks because really what they do is they trap people uh trap longs while they sell off. Uh, and sometimes it like it is really just as simple as these these coins are scams. So, you know, people getting out at their preferred price and then they're finally out of whatever bag they were holding and nobody's bidding up price anymore, so it's going to dump. So, um, like I said, this is an example of one here at that 323 and then it was able to fall back down more. This is actually an example that I pulled out of the current gainers um section on Blofin right now. You can go take a look at it. I think it's beat EA T. Double check that now. But uh yeah, beats. That's it right now. And it's actually it's continuing to go lower. Look at it. It's at 282. So this would have been a banger for you know a short trade because it got that it got that candle to the upside and then continued to drop. So just in the last 30 minutes it's down 8%. So if you were at 10x um you would have just made you know you just would have made 100% or 8% you would have made 80. So um the things to identify here is just that kind of shooting star candle a slowdown in price moving up like crazy. Uh you're going to want to see like for these the better the higher it is up on the day the better. You don't want to kind of like try and time a top on one of these shitcoins when it's plus 15 to 30% because like they are more volatile so they will have more chances to go up. Uh, and yeah, like this is this is something that, you know, I wouldn't recommend it being a main like if this is your this can't be your only thing, your only strategy going into because it's it's like you can lose a good like a few of these in a row like I did on folk and then hit and then you'll come out with good money, but this can't be like your only strategy. So, this is something that I'd recommend doing, you know, not too often, but if you see a good opportunity, something's way overextended and you know that it's just some [ __ ] coin, then this is a great strategy for getting in and uh taking advantage of that. Um, obviously, you'd want to there's always more upside potential. That's just how assets move. like a long would have paid way better on the bottom from a 200% move, but unless you know you're really in the no on some of these [ __ ] coins, you're not going to you're not going to get in early. So, shorting it is probably where you're going to make the most of your money. So, uh in part two, I'm going to cover more about candlestick structure and momentum and looking at support and resistance to help you identify momentum changes. uh and we can go over some of the momentum indicators such as like MACD uh and RSI that kind of you can kind of add to your arsenal when you're trying to figure out uh if momentum is indeed changing or not. So that's pretty much the basic concept. Um take the some questions from you guys if you guys have them. It's uh it's it's pretty basic. Like it's almost like the gamblers's roulette of trading, but uh if you get if you get good at identifying them, you can do pretty well. >> Yeah. It's not like a a deep strategy that no one's ever thought about for sure. Like that there's definitely people out there probably doing this, too. But uh it's it seems pretty you know like oh okay so I just short whatever is moving up high but there kind of is an art to it. So uh which it usually you know is involving that deeper part of being a able to identify the momentum switch um and being able to manage your risk to reward so that even if you lose a couple times that you know it doesn't matter you get the the winning side you finally get it to drop like you want it to then it all kind of pays off. So um yeah any uh any questions from you guys? you mentioned um that you try not to lose more than 50%. Is that correct? >> Yeah, for sure. like especially on these like you'll find that um on altcoins and shitcoins in general on leverage uh because there are more volatile than like the blue chip coins like Bitcoin and Salana and Ethereum your liquidation price is going to probably be uh closer to entry than it would be on like Bitcoin or any of those. So, um it's probably it's it's a good rule of thumb to just put in anywhere from like a 35 to 50% stop loss. And in that way, uh it gives you chances to, you know, you're not losing your entire like the 100% of whatever you put in and it you can still use that towards next rounds or attempts, you know. Should we uh would you recommend risking like less than 5% like maybe like a 1% of your portfolio or what do you think? >> Yeah, like these definitely are going to be on the lower end of your like I recommend a quarter of your normal sizing. So like say if you risk like 4% on a regular trade of your account which is probably close to if not just a little bit higher than what most people do then I'd say then yeah go in with like 1% of report or you know if you're feeling a little bit uh crazy do like two to three but keep it keep it lower than what you would normally put into any other trade because this at the end of the day is like it's definitely a high risk high reward scenario. There we go. Get out. Sorry, my dog's playing with me. Um, yeah. Yeah. So, this is just a this is just kind of like a fun strategy that I've kind of implemented and added to my uh trading in the last year or so. I've I've had a lot of really like fun profitable trades uh using the strategy. So, I figured that I'd share it with you guys to to show you how uh you can make some good money off of these pump and dumps, you know. But, uh yeah, so that's pretty much it for that. I'm going to I'm going to continue in part two and we'll go over some of the more basics when it comes to uh learning and recognizing momentum switches and how to do that. But for this one, I will end the recording here and then we'll move on to just some basic analysis on Bitcoin.






कीप दीज पॉइंट्स इन माइंड वाइल शॉटिंग अ गेनर कॉइन अगर आप गेनर कॉइन को शॉर्ट कर रहे हैं जो पंप कर रहा है उसको आप शॉर्ट कर रहे हैं तो सिक्स पॉइंट इस वीडियो में आपको बताऊंगा उस सिक्स पॉइंट को अपने जहन में रखना है ताकि आप लॉज ना करें लिक्विडेट ना हो आपकी फंडिंग फी ना कटे कौन-कौन से पॉइंट हैं वन बाय वन इस इनको कवर करते हैं वीडियो को एंड तक देखेंगे इजस्ट वे में आपको अच्छा खासा नॉलेज मिल जाएगा अब मोस्टली क्या करते हैं वो देखते हैं कि ये कॉइन पंप कर रहा है तो इसको मैं शॉर्ट करूं ये 20 पर गेन कर चुका है 15 गेन कर चुका है लेकिन वो ब्रेक आउट कर चुका होता है तो उसके लिए आपने क्या करना है जब भी आप किसी भी कॉइन को जो गेनर कॉइन है उसको शॉर्ट कर रहे हैं तो पहला पहला उसका पॉइंट है आपने उसको चार्ट ओपन करना है चार्ट ओपन करने के बाद आपने उसका वीकली या थ्री डे वाला रेजिस्टेंस देखना है या ऑटो ब्लॉक देखना है अभी ये कॉइन न्यू है तो इसको कुछ इसमें डाटा नहीं आ रहा हम किसी और कॉइन को ओपन कर लेते हैं जैसे टीआरबी अच्छा खासा पंप कर रहा है और ये जो पंप कर रहा है इसको आप शॉर्ट ना करें क्यों ना करें इसमें जो पॉइंट है वो फोर पॉइंट में आ जाएगा कि इसको शॉर्ट आपने नहीं करना यानी कि आपने जब भी एनालिसिस करना है तो आपने थ्री डे टाइम फ्रेम पे जाकर रेजिस्टेंस देखनी है या आपने वन वीकली टाइम फ्रेम पे वन वीक के टाइम फ्रेम पे जाके उसकी रेजिस्टेंस देख लेनी है या उसकी जो ऑडर ब्लॉक बन रही है वो देखनी है आप 15 मिनट के टाइम फ्रेम पे या वन डे टाइम फ्रेम पे फर आवर टाइम फ्रेम पे वन आवर टाइम फ्रेम पे जाके इसको शॉर्ट करेंगे तो आप लिक्विडेट हो सकते हैं क्योंकि वो कॉइन इज एस्टली और अच्छा खासा मूव कर रहा होता है विद इन फ्यू मिनट्स आपको अच्छी यानी कि वो लिक्विडेट कर सकता है तो आपने इन इस तरह के कॉइन से साइड पे रहना है ठीक है पहला पॉइंट अगर आप उसको शॉर्ट कर रहे हैं तो वीकली और थ्री डे टाइम फ्रेम पे जाके एनालिसिस करना है वो आपने पॉइंट ऑफ इंटरेस्ट जो है वो ड्रा कर लेना है उसके बाद ही आपने जाके अपने देखने हैं कि ये और जो फाइव पॉइंट बता रहा हूं उसको फॉलो कर रहा है तो उसको आपने शॉर्ट कर देना है नेक्स्ट जो पॉइंट है सेकंड पॉइंट आपने ये नोट डाउन कर लेना है पहला पॉइंट अभी लिख लें अपने पास कोई कॉपी पेंसिल वीडियो को पॉज करके अपने पास लिख लें ये पॉइंट जो पहले मैंने बताया अगर शॉर्ट कर रहे हैं तो वीकली और थ्री डे टाइम फ्रेम जाके ओपन करना है और रेजिस्टेंस या ऑडर ब्लॉक जो उस आप जिस पे आप शॉर्ट करना चाह रहे हैं जो आपकी ट्रेडिंग स्ट्रेटजी है उस पे जाकर करें और नेक्स्ट जो हमारा पॉइंट है सेकंड पॉइंट इंपोर्टेंट तरीन पॉइंट है जब भी आप शॉर्ट ओपन कर रहे हो किसी भी कॉइन की है वो पंप कर रहा है या डंप कर रहा है तो आपने उसका फंडिंग रेट देखना है जब देखें अब टीआरबी को श नहीं करना क्यों नहीं करना इसका फंडिंग रेट है नेगेटिव और हाईली नेगेटिव है और यह देखें इसमें एक और चीज भी है इंपॉर्टेंट चीज फंडिंग रेट में अगर फंडिंग रेट जो है नेगेटिव डिक्रीज हो रहा है एक और सिग्नल मैंने अपने प्रीमियम में दिया था उसमें फंडिंग रेट नेगेटिव नेगेटिव था नेगेटिव नाइन था लेकिन उसको डिक्रीज कर रहा था पहले वो पहले था मानस वन कुछ था न पॉइंट कुछ था फिर वो डिक्रीज कर रहा था अगर वो डिक्रीज कर रहा है फिर आप उसको अगर आपको रेजिस्टेंस में मिल गया उसको शॉर्ट करें अगर वो इंक्रीज कर रहा है फंडिंग रेट यानी कि अब देखें पहले आप देखते हैं वन आवर पहले देखा था आपने ये देखें 0.53 था ठीक है अब फिर आप देख रहे हैं 54 हो गया 55 हो गया इसको आपने शॉर्ट नहीं करना एक तो फंडिंग रेट हाई हो चुका है फंडिंग फी आपसे कटी जाएगी क्योंकि फंडिंग से मुराद है यहां से ये आपको इंडस्ट रेट कुछ नहीं होता ये होता है शटर्स आर पेइंग टू द लंगर लंगर आर पेइंग टू द शॉर्ट यहां पे देखें शॉर्ट जो है वो लॉन्ग को पे कर रहे हैं अगर नेगेटिव फंडिंग आ जाए और इस पे अगर डिटेल वीडियो आपको चाहिए डिटेल एनालिसिस यानी कि डिटेल फंडिंग नीड होता क्या है उसम मैंने बहुत सारी वीडियोस बनाई है डिस्क्रिप्शन में आई बटन में आपको लिंक मिल जाएगा ताकि आप फंडिंग रेट के आप एक्सपर्ट बन जाएं फंडिंग रेट को देकर ही खुद आप इजी ट्रेड कर सके दूसरा पॉइंट यही है आपने देखना है फंडिंग रेट नेगेटिव है या पॉजिटिव है अगर नेगेटिव है तो आपने शॉर्ट नहीं करना एक ही सूरत में शॉर्ट करना है अगर नेगेटिव वो डिक्रीज कर रहा हो यानी कि आपने पहले देखा यानी कि 53 है अब वन ववर बाद देख रहे हैं तो वह 49 हो गया 48 हो गया यानी कि वह डिक्रीज कर रहा है तो आप उसको अब शॉर्ट करने के साइड पे जा सकते हैं अगर आपको थ्री डे टाइम फ्रेम पे आपको रेजिस्टेंस मिल गई है या कोई और आपको जो फोर पॉइंट में बताऊंगा वह मैच करें तो फिर आपने उसको जाके शॉर्ट कर लेना है पहला पॉइंट क्लिक हो गया दूसरा पॉइंट क्लिक हो गया थर्ड पॉइंट की तरफ आ जाती हैं अगर कोई कॉइन अगेंस्ट द मार्केट चल रहा है अगेंस्ट द मार्केट से मुराद है यानी कि अगर मार्केट जो है मार्केट से मुराद है बीटीसी जो है वो क्या कर रहा है डंप कर रहा है तो वो आप कॉइन जो है वो पंप कर रहा है तो आपने उसको शॉर्ट नहीं करना उस कॉइन में जो मोस्टली ट्रेडर्स क्या करेंगे उसी कॉइन में जाके इन्वेस्ट करेंगे तो यानी कि जो देख रहे हैं यानी कि यहां पे उनको प्रॉफिट ही नहीं मिल रहा तो सारे के सारे उसी में इन्वेस्ट करेंगे जो एक्सचेंज होंगी वो फंडिंग रेट नेगेटिव कर देंगी और वो फंडिंग रेट से आपको लिक्विडेट करें ये करेंगे वो आपने देखना है अगर मार्केट के अगेंस्ट यानी कि मार्केट से मुराद होल मार्केट बीटीसी नीचे जा रहा है वो वाला कॉइन सेपरेट वही का वही यानी कि बिल फर्ज यहां पे एग्जांपल ले लेते हैं बीटीसी और इथरियस जो है पंप डंप कर रहे हैं सॉरी डंप कर रहे हैं यानी कि डंप नीचे जा रहे हैं और डोज पंप करते जा रहा है ठीक है डोज पंप करते जा रहा है तो आपने डोज को शॉर्ट नहीं करना सिंपल अगर अगेंस्ट द मार्केट जा रहा है तो आपने उसको शॉर्ट नहीं करना अगर वो यानी कि स्टेबल है बीटीसी स्टेबल है या थोड़ा सा ऊपर जा रहा है या थोड़ा सा नीचे जा रहा है रेंज वाइज है और वो कॉइन पंप कर रहा है तो आप उसको थ्री डे टाइम फ्रेम वीकली टाइम फ्रेम फंडिंग रेट वगैरह देखकर उसको शॉर्ट कर सकते हैं ये हमारा थर्ड पॉइंट था जो फोर्थ पॉइंट है उसको मैंने पहले भी डिस्कस किया हुआ है वो है आर एसआई डायवर्जेंस आपने आरएसआईडी वर्जेंस देखना है आरएसआईडी वर्जेंस से मुराद क्या है आरएसआईसी ऊपर जा रही हो उसपे मैंने एक पहले डिटेल वीडियो बनाई हुई है डिस्क्रिप्शन में लिंक डाल दूंगा वन टू शॉर्ट पंपिंग कॉइन उसमें मैंने एक वीडियो बनाई हुई है अब देखें यहां पे अगर मैं स्क्रोल डाउन करूं तो यहां पे आपको वीडियो मिल जाएगी मैं आपको डिस्क्रिप्शन में भी लिंक डाल दूंगा यहां पे कॉइन ग्लास पे मैंने फंडिंग रेट पे वीडियोस बनाई हुई हैं डिस्क्रिप्शन में उसका भी लिंक मिल जाएगा ये वाली वीडियो देख लें फंडिंग रेट को देखकर आप कैसे ट्रेड कर सकते हैं बिल्कुल इजी है अब देखें व्हेन टू शॉर्ट अ पंपिंग कॉइन इन फ्यूचर ट्रेडिंग उसमें मैंने आरएसआईडी वर्जेंस और फंडिंग रेट की बात की है अब आरएसआईडी वर्जेंस क्या होता है यह वीडियो आपने जरूर देख लेनी है कुछ सीखना है तो आपको देखनी पड़ेगी ये वीडियोस आपको देखनी पड़ेंगी यह पॉइंट हमारा हमारा जो फोर्थ पॉइंट था यही था आपने देखना है बल्कि फिफ्थ पॉइंट हमारा यही था कि आपने आरएसआईडी वर्जेंस को देखना है यह नहीं देखना आरएआई 880 पे चला गया तो उसको मैं शॉर्ट कर दूं आरएआई 90 पे चला गया तो मैं उसको शॉर्ट कर दूं आपने आर एसआई डायवर्जेंस देखना है डायवर्जेंस अब ये देखें यहां पे देखें आरएसआर मैं यहां पे देखें नीचे आरएसआर है यानी कि ये आपको आरएसआईडी वर्जेंस बनाता नहीं दिखाई दे रहा जैसे प्राइस जा रही है वैसे ही आरएसआर है अगर प्राइस ऊपर जा रही है यानी कि अगर यहां पे एक हाई बना है तो एक दूसरा हाई यहां पे बन गया है प्राइस का लेकिन आर एसआई जहां यहां पे हाई बनाती है दूसरा लो बना देती है तब उसको हम आरएसआईडी वर्जेंस या बेरिश डायवर्जेंस कहते हैं आपने फिर उस कॉइन को शॉर्ट करने की तरफ जाना है और ये हमारा एक फिफ्थ पॉइंट हो गया अब सिक्सथ एंड लास्ट पॉइंट जो है बल्कि सॉरी फॉर द ये फोर पॉइंट था अब जो फिफ्थ पॉइंट है वो आपने वॉल्यूम को देखना है अब वॉल्यूम वॉल्यूम इंडिकेटर यहां से आपने ऑन कर लेना है या देख लेंगे आप ट्रेडिंग यूज करते हैं वहां प भी आपको वॉल्यूम मिल जाएगा अब देखें अब अगर अगर वॉल्यूम उसका डिक्रीज सॉरी इंक्रीज हो रहा है यानी कि अगर देखिए मैं इसको वन आवर टाइम फ्रेम प ओपन कर देता हूं और उसका वॉल्यूम नीचे अगर वॉल्यूम की कैंडल्स जो हैं वो इंक्रीज हो रही है तो आपने उसको शॉर्ट नहीं करना जैसा कि आप देख सकते हैं यहां पे वॉल्यूम इसका कम था अब देखिए अच्छा खासा इसमें वॉल्यूम आ गया है और ये वाला वॉल्यूम आपको लिक्विडेट कर सकता है स्टॉप लॉस हिंट कर सकता है आपके लिए हंटिंग कर सकता है आपने ये देखना है उसका जो वॉल्यूम है वो इंक्रीज हो रहा है या डिक्रीज हो रहा है अगर वो इंक्रीज होता जा रहा है तो आपने देखना है यानी कि अगर ज्यादा नहीं देखना चाहते तो आप वन ववर टाइम फ्रेम पे ना आप उसकी दो कैंडल्स देख लें ठीक है ये वाली देखें दो कैंडल या पहले वाली कैंडल से ये वाली कैंडल बड़ी है और जो ये वाली अभी बन रही है अब 40 मिनट रहते हैं देखेंगे अगर उससे नीचे बनती है तो यानी कि इसमें वॉल्यूम में डिक्रीज हो रहा है अभी इसको फिर आप शॉर्ट कर सकते हैं अगर वॉल्यूम में टू कैंडल्स जो हैं अभी जो चल रही हैं वो इंक्रीज है आपने उनको शॉर्ट नहीं करना अगर डिक्रीज कर रही है यानी कि पहले वाली कैंडल से नीचे हैं अब देखें यहां इस इस सिचुएशन में पहले वाली तीन कैंडल से ये वाली दो कैंडल्स ऊपर हैं तो आपने इसको शॉर्ट नहीं करना आपने इसको साइड कराना है इस कॉइन से साइड पे रहना है सिक्स एंड इंपोर्टेंट न पॉइंट जब भी कोई कॉइन पंप कर रहा है या डंप कर रहा है इसमें डंपिंग भी आ जाता है वो उसके देख लें क्या न्यूज़ तो नहीं आ रही कोई कोई अगर आपको बीएनबी पंप करता दिखाई दे रहा है और बीएनबी की कोई न्यूज़ आ गई है बाइंस के बारे में या डंप करता दिखाई दे रहा है तो आपने उसको लॉन्ग एंड शॉर्ट नहीं करना न्यूज़ से साइड पे रहना है क्योंकि वहां पे आप एकदम से लिक्विडेशन आपकी हिट हो सकती है एकदम से पंप एंड डंपिंग हो सकती है यही सिक्स पॉइंट है सिक्स पॉइंट आपने शॉर्ट करने से पहले किसी भी बनांस गेनर को शॉर्ट करने से पहले अपने जहन में रख लेने है अगर ये सिक्स पॉइंट मैच होते हैं तब आपने शॉर्ट कर लेना है आपने पहला पहला पॉइंट जो समरी बता देता हूं वीडियो की यही है आपने थर्ड यानी कि थ्री डे वाला टाइम फ्रेम यूज करना है रेजिस्टेंस ड्रा करनी है या वीकली वाला टाइम फ्रेम आप यूज कर सकते हैं लोअर टाइम फ्रेम वन डे टाइम फ्रेम फोर आवर टाइम फ्रेम ये लोअर में गिने जाते हैं यानी कि ये एसेम ने स्विंग ट्रीड में गिने जाते हैं तो इनको आपने इग्नोर करना है इन पे जाके नहीं करना अग वन डे में कर सकते हैं अगर कॉइन को छोटा है तो अब नेक्स्ट आपने फंडिंग रेट देखनी है फंडिंग रेट डिक्रीजिंग वगैरह इंक्रीजिंग वो पहले बता चुका को अगर नेगेटिवली डिक्रीज कर रहा है तो उसको आप शॉर्ट कर सकते हैं और जो फोर्थ पॉइंट है अगेंस्ट द मार्केट तो नहीं चल थर्ड पॉइंट जो अगेंस्ट द मार्केट तो नहीं चल रहा अगेंस्ट द मार्केट चल रहा है तो आपने उसको साइड करना है यानी कि उसको इग्नोर कर देना है फिर आपने आर एसआई डायवर्जेंस देखना है अगर डायवर्जेंस बन रहा है तो शॉर्ट करना है अगर नहीं बन रहा तो आपने आर एसआई के जो ओवर सोल्ड ओवर बोर्ड कंडीशन से आपने उसको लॉन्ग एंड शॉर्ट नहीं करना और वॉल्यूम भी चेक करते रहना है वॉल्यूम अगर डिक्रीज हो रहा है तब आपने शॉर्ट कर लेना है अगर इंक्रीज हो रहा है तो आपने किनारा करना है उससे उसे इग्नोर करना है लास्ट पॉइंट जो है अगर उसमें न्यूज़ आ रही है तब भी आपने उस कॉइन से किनारा कशी करनी है और साइड पे हो जाना है और अगर आपको डेली के स्काल्पिंग के कॉइन चाहिए तो हमारे कॉइन और सपोर्ट के कभी-कभी फ्री का सिग्नल भी प्रोवाइड किए जाते हैं





हाउ टू फाइंड टॉप गेनर्स एंड टॉप लूजर्स? तो, कैसे हो आप सब लोग? आज हम बात करेंगे टॉप लूजर और टॉप गेनर के बारे में। यह जो कॉइन है, यह टॉप गेनर में कैसे जाता है और टॉप लूजर में यह कॉइंस कैसे जाते हैं? जब कॉइन पंप होता है, तो वह टॉप गेनर में जाता है। जब कॉइन डंप होता है, तो वह टॉप लूजर में जाता है। तो, टॉप लूजर और टॉप गेनर कॉइन को कैसे फाइंड करना है। तो, पहले हम बात करेंगे टॉप लूजर के बारे में और आखिरी वाले पार्ट में हम बात करेंगे टॉप गेनर के बारे में। तो लास्ट वाला पार्ट मिस मत करना। टॉप लूजर में जो कॉइन जाता है, वह कैसे जाता है? इसको कैसे फाइंड करना है? तो सबसे पहले आपने टॉप गेनर वाले ऑप्शन पर क्लिक करना है। इसके बाद जो कॉइंस पंप हुए हो, उन पर क्लिक करें। जैसे मैं ईटीएफआई कॉइन पर क्लिक करता हूं। इसका ग्राफ देखकर भी पता चल जाता है कि यह कॉइन नीचे जा रहा है। फिर आपने नीचे वाले ऑप्शंस में आना है और देखना है कि अगर आप किसी कॉइन को शॉर्ट करना चाहते हैं, तो उसकी टोटल सप्लाई चेक करें। अगर सप्लाई 1 बिलियन एक अरब हो तो ऐसा कॉइन बहुत जल्दी टॉप लूजर में जा सकता है। उदाहरण के लिए ईटीएचएफआई कॉइन की सप्लाई 1 बिलियन है और इसका मार्केट कैप 544 मिलियन है। यह कॉइन इस वक्त थोड़ा सा पंप हुआ है। लेकिन इसके बाद यह डंप हो सकता है। तो आप इस कॉइन को शॉर्ट कर सकते हैं टॉप गेनर की। यह जो टॉप गेनर में आते हैं, यह कैसे आते हैं? आपको ऊपर 24 घंटे का वॉल्यूम नजर आ रहा होगा। तो आपने इस पर क्लिक करना है। इसके बाद जो व्यू मार्क ऑप्शन है उस पर क्लिक करें। 20 मिलियन से कम वॉल्यूम वाले कॉइंस आपको नहीं नजर आएंगे। जैसे 20 मिलियन से कम वॉल्यूम वाला कोई है तो वह जीएमx कॉइन है। उस पर क्लिक करें। इसका वॉल्यूम 15 मिलियन है तो उस पर क्लिक करें और फिर आपने इंफॉर्मेशन एक्शन पर क्लिक करना है। आप यहां देख सकते हैं कि इसका टोटल सप्लाई क्या है। अगर आपने पंप कॉइन ढूंढना है तो सबसे पहले इसका टोटल सप्लाई देखें कि वह 10 मिलियन हो, 50 मिलियन हो, 100 मिलियन हो, 200 मिलियन हो या 500 मिलियन हो। जब सप्लाई 1 बिलियन हो तो वह कॉइन पंप हो सकता है लेकिन उसमें पंप करना मुश्किल हो सकता है। तो आपने ऐसी कॉइन ढूंढनी है जिसकी सप्लाई 10 मिलियन या 50 मिलियन हो। इस कॉइन की सप्लाई 10 मिलियन है और हम इसे पंप गेनर में शामिल कर सकते हैं। अब आप सोचें अगर इसका मार्केट कैप 162 मिलियन है और अगर इसमें 200 मिलियन का वॉल्यूम आता है तो इसका प्राइस $16 से 30 या $40 तक जा सकता है। तो आप अंदाजा लगा सकते हैं कि यह कॉइन कितना गेनर बन सकता है। ऐसी कॉइन ढूंढें। ऐसी टिप्स एंड ट्रिक्स के लिए वीडियो को लाइक करें और चैनल को सब्सक्राइब करें। मुलाकात होगी अगली वीडियो





hello guys so in this video I want to show you a very good strategy on how you can multiply your money on binance and that is by trading fatures using gainers and losers strategy gainers and losers here so this is our gainers you can see gainers here and you can also see losers here so this strategy actually have above 60% success rate if you if you do if you use it very well and strategically so how does it go that means under gainers you can see the list of coins that have gotten so much in value within the within the last 24 hours these are the coins that have increased so much in value within the last 24 hours so what do we do to the coins that are under gainers we just go to the features and short it to short simply means that we want to sell that coins so that once it Con once the price is reducing we'll be making money from the reduction of the price of this coin while for the coins that are under losers it means this coin they have lost so much in value in price within the last 24 hours they have lost so much in price within the last 24 hours so what do we do to these coins in future just have to long it that we have to buy it then we keep making money as it increase in prices so the the the bottom line here is that any coin that is under gainers here that have gained so much in prices there is high tendency of what of the coin retracing back at least there be a pull back because it has gain so much in prices so there is high chance that there will be a pull back very soon on any of this coin why the one that are under loser here there is high chance that this coin also will also at least add some add something concerning their prices in the next maybe next few minutes or next few hours so this this is a good strategy and it has like over 60% success rate if you apply it strategically so let me show you how to do this let's go to our futures we want to trade setus this is setus you want to trade setus is already having almost 20% increase in price in price in the last 24 hours so let's go and trade setus this is setus so we search for setus I've already searched for it but just in case you don't know how to search for it this setus so I just click on setus now I want because this coin has gained so much in value so I want to short it I want to sell it so that as it is as the price is coming down I will be making money from this coin so let's I want to I want to short it and I'm I'm I'm using just 5x if you are just beginning on a future trade you advised not to exit from 3x to 5x so I'm using just 5x so this is the 5x then I want to short it let me just put $6 here I want to short it with $6 so I will click on I will click on sell I will click on sell that is short I will click on sell I will click on sell I will click on sell so I have already enter this trade now because this setus is has gain so much in prices so I just decide to shut it under future so that as the price is coming down I can be making money from this coin and if you don't know how to trade Futures I I have already made a video about it just check my page my my YouTube page my YouTube my YouTube channel rather sorry and you shall find a video on how to trade B how to trade fatures on binance so we have entered this trade now and it's presently at 0.367 46 so if this price can just come down by let's say 5% and I have entered this trade at 5x that means I would have made that around 25% of my Capital year that's just what it means because this coin has gain so much in prices and there is high chance that it will pull back very soon so this this strategy this method it has over 60% success rate so let's say I want to also buy a coin now I just come to Loser session here we check under loser which of the coin has increased has reduced so much in price so you can see after we can see ftt we can see Zen so let me try and do Zen now so let's go and so because this Zen it has reduced so much in prices so we can long it we can that we can buy this Zen and then as the price is increasing it be making money from it so let me change this margin this leverage to just 5x so I've changed it to just 5x that's 5x 5x let me also use $6 to long this Zen $6 and I'm longing it with what with 5x so I will just click on buy here I click on buy so I have long this Zen so you can just set your take profit at maybe 5% 5% 6% 4% you are fine with this by the time this thing do like 5% for you you would have made 25% of your Capital so with this simple method you can try it it has a high chance of success rate though nothing is guarantee in crypto but this method it has a high chance of success rate so this that you can simply multiply your money on features by using gainers and losers approach I hope you find this video very valuable if you do so kindly like share and subscribe I remain your friend sh